[Music]
you
won't laugh
[Music]
i feel so alive
has gone out some will win and
some will lose nothing much else to say
thought i was searching for something
will you please slow down
[Music]
oh
unreal intertwined
and you're not listening it is your
choice to make a little mockery it won't
do
further down the line
still surrendering trying harder to
forgive you
candle light has gone out
some will win and
still
[Music]
time
is
[Music]
slow down
you say i make you nervous a tragedy i'm
a beautiful disaster
a reckoning you wonder how i got this
way
you think i'm someone to be saved
someone to clean up and tame oh some
things never
change never change
you think i would look pretty
[Music]
got you crying on your
don't make me breathe again
some things never changed
[Music]
i stopped asking for forgiveness cause
you should know only fool's trade were
the angels
fear to go but you keep trying to
save myself by turning into stone so
save your judgment cause you just don't
know but some things never change never
change
[Music]
in my wakes
to make me feel
[Music]
don't make me breathe again
something's never changed
[Music]
spreading all around my room my world's
so bright
it's hard to breathe
[Music]
[Applause]
why can't you just let me eat my weight
and
[Music]
[Applause]
i love everything fire's spreading all
around
my room my words so bright it's hard to
[Music]
breathe
shhh
[Music]
redemption
hear the children
[Music]
[Applause]
in country
[Music]
whenever your heart is broken
don't ever forget you're golden
i will find the light in your soul i'll
be there
[Music]
i know
baby you can count on me now
when you're falling down down
i'll be there
[Music]
[Applause]